= SiteBlacklist

SiteBlacklist is a simple rails plugin for blacklisting specific remote servers from accessing your rails site.

It uses a yaml config file (config/site_blacklist.yml) to specify a list of servers, or regexes to match servers,
that should not be allowed to access the site.  If a match is found, it will trigger a user-specified response.

== Usage

Simply include the plugin into your ApplicationController, then specify how the plugin should respond to blacklisted sites:

  class ApplicationController < ActionController::Base
		include SiteBlacklist
    
    	blacklisted_site_response do |site, match|
			RAILS_DEFAULT_LOGGER.info "Hack Attempt!  From: #{site}, matched to: #{match}"
			return render(:file => "#{RAILS_ROOT}/public/404.html", :status => 404)
		end
	 
		...
  end

You can also specify a method name instead of a block:

  class ApplicationController < ActionController::Base
		include SiteBlacklist
    
		blacklisted_site_response :you_are_not_allowed
	
		def you_are_not_allowed(site, match)
			RAILS_DEFAULT_LOGGER.info "Hack Attempt!  From: #{site}, matched to: #{match}"
			return render(:file => "#{RAILS_ROOT}/public/404.html", :status => 404)
		end
	 
		...
  end

== Configuration

SiteBlacklist takes a simple yaml config file:  RAILS_ROOT/config/site_blacklist.yml

There is an example file in the plugin directory, for reference.

The format is simple... the plugin expects a hash key :blacklist, with an array of sites or regexes to match sites.
Each item in the array is either a specific site name, or a regex that will be used to match to server names.  If the line begins and ends with /, then it assumes that it should be treated as a regex.


== Credits

SiteBlacklist was created, and is maintained by {Joshua Krall}[http://transfs.com/devblog].  More info at {Transparent Development}[http://transfs.com/devblog], the {Transparent Financial Services}[http://transfs.com] development blog.

